right. right. right. right.
right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right.
right. right. right. right. right.
right. right.
right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right.
right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right. right.
We can prove who got the show money
Simple wallet from nowhere
It'll be mine soon
Today I will accompany you
This time the bank produced a black card
What does a new card prove?
How many years have you been doing this?
Why do they say it costs people?
What kind of person do you think you are? How many years have you spent a lot of money?
It's my own money
There's just a few cents in there
It's in the company's card
There are sixty dollars
These two cards cost more than seventy yuan
Not at all like you
Ha ha ha ha